# LANCommander 2.0.0-rc5 Release Notes
This page only covers updates/fixes included in v2.0.0-rc5. For more information on other v2.0.0 changes, head over to previous releases: 
- [v2.0.0-rc1](/Releases/2.0.0-rc1)
- [v2.0.0-rc2](/Releases/2.0.0-rc2)
- [v2.0.0-rc3](/Releases/2.0.0-rc3)
- [v2.0.0-rc4](/Releases/2.0.0-rc4)

## Bug Fixes / Misc Improvements
- Reworked Steam cmdlets, review the [documentation](/Scripting/Cmdlets) for a list of available cmdlets.
- Added better logging for PowerShell scripts
- Fixed the save editor so it no longer throws an error if there are no archives available for a game.
- Fixed first time login on launcher being stuck at loading screen.
- Fix chat window opening with library view instead of chat.

## Game Servers
An effort is being made to create Docker images to assist in hosting dedicated servers for various games. A list of these containers can be found under [Game Servers](/GameServers).

These servers should still be considered a work in progress. They will eventually get better integration into the platform. The aim is to provide a set of base containers and remove as much work as possible for each individual game. The current aim is to implement:
- OverlayFS to allow multiple servers to share the same base files
- A built in HTTP server (via nginx) for FastDL support
- Documentation for each image, including useful configuration of the game server itself

## Documentation
This documentation site now resides under our [LANCommander.Documentation](https://github.com/LANCommander/LANCommander.Documentation) GitHub repository, with the actual contents being fed from the organization's other repositories. Any contribution to the documentation can be submitted to the child repositories. They will automatically be published to the documentation repo on merge.